In this module, I now want to give you an introduction to how you can send e-mails from inside your node
application. Obviously sending emails is a crucial task in many web applications and in our website here,
we could want to send an e-mail after a user signed up for example to confirm the sign up, something like
that.
Now for that
I will show you how that works, what sending e-mails in a node application actually means and which part
nodjs and expressjs play in that big picture and we'll then implement it. We'll then implement
a package that helps us sending e-mails and we'll send an e-mail
upon successful sign up.
So let's work on this in this module.